# DEVELOPMENT AND ANALYSIS OF US DATA SCIENCE JOBS DATABASE
In today's world data is everywhere. Over the past few years, the field of Data Science advanced so much, and more and more people are getting interested in starting their career in this awesome field. But for someone who is new to this field it might be difficult to get an overview about job roles, skills required, companies hiring and pay scale. The main motivation of this project is to help people who are interested to start their career in Data Science by providing all the required information in our database to get an overview about the job market based upon which they can start preparing themselves. The primary goal of our project is to develop a relational database about data science job market in US. We trying to include all the necessary
information like companies offering jobs, pay scale, job roles and its location. Based on our goal, we collected required dataset and did necessary modifications to make our data clean. In order to reduce the complexity and easy extraction of information we categorized the data into multiple tables and a relation database that can relate multiple entries. We populated our database based on the finalized columns using Apify glassdoor web scraping tool. After populating our dataset to the required number of records. We finalized our tables and established relations between tables using ERD diagram. Then we imported the data into phpMyAdmin and wrote SQL queries for some of our research question and some interesting observations which are discussed below.
